Introduce ServableModuleValidator Callback (#13614)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/deploy/production_advanced.rst

    input_name = ort_session.get_inputs()[0].name
    ort_inputs = {input_name: np.random.randn(1, 64)}
    ort_outs = ort_session.run(None, ort_inputs)

----

****************************
Validate a Model Is Servable
****************************

> Production ML Engineers would argue that a model shouldn't be trained if it can't be deployed reliability and in a fully automated manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Production ML Engineers would argue that a model shouldn't be trained if it can't be deployed reliably and in a fully automated manner.
```

Author: Done !

In order to ease transition from training to production, PyTorch Lightning provides a way for you to validate a model can be served even before starting training.

In order to do so, your LightningModule needs to subclass the :class:`~pytorch_lightning.serve.servable_module.ServableModule`, implements its hooks and pass a :class:`~pytorch_lightning.serve.servable_module_validator.ServableModuleValidator` callback to the Trainer.

> Find below an example for validating a resnet18 can be served.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find an example of how the serving of a resent18 can be validated.
```
